packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_android/README.md, before:

# webview\_flutter\_android

The Android implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do,
so you do not need to add it to your `pubspec.yaml`.

However, if you `import` this package to use any of its APIs directly, you
should add it to your `pubspec.yaml` as usual.

## Display Mode

This plugin supports two different platform view display modes. The default display mode is subject
to change in the future, and will not be considered a breaking change, so if you want to ensure a
specific mode, you can set it explicitly.

### Texture Layer Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions >=23. This is a new display mode used by most
plugins starting with Flutter 3.0. This is more performant than Hybrid Composition, but has some
limitations from using an Android [SurfaceTexture](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/SurfaceTexture).
See:
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/104889
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/116954

### Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions <23. It ensures that the WebView will display and work
as expected, at the cost of some performance. See:
* https://docs.flutter.dev/platform-integration/android/platform-views#performance

This can be configured for versions >=23 with
`AndroidWebViewWidgetCreationParams.displayWithHybridComposition`. See https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter#platform-specific-features
for more details on setting platform-specific features in the main plugin.

## External Native API

The plugin also provides a native API accessible by the native code of Android applications or
packages. This API follows the convention of breaking changes of the Dart API, which means that any
changes to the class that are not backwards compatible will only be made with a major version change
of the plugin. Native code other than this external API does not follow breaking change conventions,
so app or plugin clients should not use any other native APIs.

The API can be accessed by importing the native class `WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi`:

Java:

```java
import io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi;
```

## Fullscreen Video

To display a video as fullscreen, an app must manually handle the notification that the current page
has entered fullscreen mode. This can be done by calling
`AndroidWebViewController.setCustomWidgetCallbacks`. Below is an example implementation.

<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (fullscreen_example)"?>
```dart
androidController.setCustomWidgetCallbacks(
  onShowCustomWidget: (Widget widget, OnHideCustomWidgetCallback callback) {
    Navigator.of(context).push(MaterialPageRoute<void>(
      builder: (BuildContext context) => widget,
      fullscreenDialog: true,
    ));
  },
  onHideCustomWidget: () {
    Navigator.of(context).pop();
  },
);
```

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/to/endorsed-federated-plugin

Commit message:

[webview_flutter_android] Updates plugin to use `ProxyApis`s (#7794)

packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_android/README.md, after:

# webview\_flutter\_android

The Android implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do,
so you do not need to add it to your `pubspec.yaml`.

However, if you `import` this package to use any of its APIs directly, you
should add it to your `pubspec.yaml` as usual.

## Display Mode

This plugin supports two different platform view display modes. The default display mode is subject
to change in the future, and will not be considered a breaking change, so if you want to ensure a
specific mode, you can set it explicitly.

### Texture Layer Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions >=23. This is a new display mode used by most
plugins starting with Flutter 3.0. This is more performant than Hybrid Composition, but has some
limitations from using an Android [SurfaceTexture](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/SurfaceTexture).
See:
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/104889
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/116954

### Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions <23. It ensures that the WebView will display and work
as expected, at the cost of some performance. See:
* https://docs.flutter.dev/platform-integration/android/platform-views#performance

This can be configured for versions >=23 with
`AndroidWebViewWidgetCreationParams.displayWithHybridComposition`. See https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter#platform-specific-features
for more details on setting platform-specific features in the main plugin.

## External Native API

The plugin also provides a native API accessible by the native code of Android applications or
packages. This API follows the convention of breaking changes of the Dart API, which means that any
changes to the class that are not backwards compatible will only be made with a major version change
of the plugin. Native code other than this external API does not follow breaking change conventions,
so app or plugin clients should not use any other native APIs.

The API can be accessed by importing the native class `WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi`:

Java:

```java
import io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi;
```

## Fullscreen Video

To display a video as fullscreen, an app must manually handle the notification that the current page
has entered fullscreen mode. This can be done by calling
`AndroidWebViewController.setCustomWidgetCallbacks`. Below is an example implementation.

<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (fullscreen_example)"?>
```dart
androidController.setCustomWidgetCallbacks(
  onShowCustomWidget: (Widget widget, OnHideCustomWidgetCallback callback) {
    Navigator.of(context).push(MaterialPageRoute<void>(
      builder: (BuildContext context) => widget,
      fullscreenDialog: true,
    ));
  },
  onHideCustomWidget: () {
    Navigator.of(context).pop();
  },
);
```

## Contributing

For information on contributing to this plugin, see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md).

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/to/endorsed-federated-plugin
