packages/google_adsense/README.md, before:

# google_adsense
[Google AdSense](https://adsense.google.com/intl/en_us/start/) plugin for Flutter Web

This package initializes AdSense on your website and provides an `AdUnitWidget` that can be configured and placed in the desired location in your Flutter web app UI, without having to directly modify the HTML markup of the app directly.

## Installation
run `flutter pub add google_adsense`

## Usage

#### Setup your AdSense account
1. [Make sure your site's pages are ready for AdSense](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/7299563?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU&visit_id=638657100661171978-1373860041&ref_topic=1319756&rd=1)
2. [Create your AdSense account](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/10162?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU&visit_id=638657100661171978-1373860041&ref_topic=1250103&rd=1)
3. (Optionally) To use `AdUnitWidget`, create [ad units](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9183549?hl=en&ref_topic=9183242&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU) in your AdSense account

#### Initialize AdSense
To start displaying ads, initialize the AdSense with your [client/publisher ID](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/105516?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU) (only use numbers).
<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (init)"?>
```dart
import 'package:google_adsense/google_adsense.dart';

void main() {
  AdSense.instance.initialize('your_ad_client_id');
  runApp(const MyApp());
}

```
You are all set to start displaying [Auto ads](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9261805?hl=en)!
#### Display AdUnitWidget
<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (adUnit)"?>
```dart
AdSense.instance.adUnit(
    adSlot: 'your_ad_slot_id',
    isAdTest: true,
    adUnitParams: <String, dynamic>{
      AdUnitParams.AD_FORMAT: 'auto',
      AdUnitParams.FULL_WIDTH_RESPONSIVE: true,
    },
    cssText:
        'border: 5px solid red; display: block; padding: 20px'),
```
## Testing and common errors

### Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400
Make sure to replace `your_ad_client_id` and `your_ad_slot_id` with the relevant values

### Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 403
1. When happening in **testing/staging** environment it is likely related to the fact that ads are only filled when requested from an authorized domain. If you are testing locally, you can specify additional run arguments in IDE by editing `Run/Debug Configuration` or by passing them directly to `flutter run` command:  
    `--web-port=8080`  
    `--web-hostname=your-domain.com`
2. When happening in **production** it might be that your domain was not yet approved or was disapproved. Login to your AdSense account to check your domain approval status

### Ad unfilled  

There is no deterministic way to make sure your ads are 100% filled even when testing. Some of the way to increase the fill rate:


- Add AD_TEST parameter with value `true`  
- Make sure AD_FORMAT is `auto` (default setting)
- Make sure FULL_WIDTH_RESPONSIVE is `true` (default setting)
- Try resizing the window or making sure that adUnitWidget width is less than ~1300px

Commit message:

Add explanation about local DNS records for testing environment

packages/google_adsense/README.md, after:

# google_adsense
[Google AdSense](https://adsense.google.com/intl/en_us/start/) plugin for Flutter Web

This package initializes AdSense on your website and provides an `AdUnitWidget` that can be configured and placed in the desired location in your Flutter web app UI, without having to directly modify the HTML markup of the app directly.

## Installation
run `flutter pub add google_adsense`

## Usage

#### Setup your AdSense account
1. [Make sure your site's pages are ready for AdSense](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/7299563?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU&visit_id=638657100661171978-1373860041&ref_topic=1319756&rd=1)
2. [Create your AdSense account](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/10162?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU&visit_id=638657100661171978-1373860041&ref_topic=1250103&rd=1)
3. (Optionally) To use `AdUnitWidget`, create [ad units](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9183549?hl=en&ref_topic=9183242&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU) in your AdSense account

#### Initialize AdSense
To start displaying ads, initialize the AdSense with your [client/publisher ID](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/105516?hl=en&sjid=5790642343077592212-EU) (only use numbers).
<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (init)"?>
```dart
import 'package:google_adsense/google_adsense.dart';

void main() {
  AdSense.instance.initialize('your_ad_client_id');
  runApp(const MyApp());
}

```
You are all set to start displaying [Auto ads](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9261805?hl=en)!
#### Display AdUnitWidget
<?code-excerpt "example/lib/main.dart (adUnit)"?>
```dart
AdSense.instance.adUnit(
    adSlot: 'your_ad_slot_id',
    isAdTest: true,
    adUnitParams: <String, dynamic>{
      AdUnitParams.AD_FORMAT: 'auto',
      AdUnitParams.FULL_WIDTH_RESPONSIVE: true,
    },
    cssText:
        'border: 5px solid red; display: block; padding: 20px'),
```
## Testing and common errors

### Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400
Make sure to replace `your_ad_client_id` and `your_ad_slot_id` with the relevant values

### Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 403
1. When happening in **testing/staging** environment it is likely related to the fact that ads are only filled when requested from an authorized domain. If you are testing locally and running your web app on `localhost`, you need to:
   1. Set custom domain name on localhost by creating a local DNS record that would point `127.0.0.1` and/or `localhost` to `your-domain.com`. On mac/linux machines this can be achieved by adding the following records to you /etc/hosts file:
        `127.0.0.1	your-domain.com`
        `localhost   your-domain.com`
   2. Specify additional run arguments in IDE by editing `Run/Debug Configuration` or by passing them directly to `flutter run` command:  
       `--web-port=8080`  
       `--web-hostname=your-domain.com`
2. When happening in **production** it might be that your domain was not yet approved or was disapproved. Login to your AdSense account to check your domain approval status

### Ad unfilled  

There is no deterministic way to make sure your ads are 100% filled even when testing. Some of the way to increase the fill rate:


- Add AD_TEST parameter with value `true`  
- Make sure AD_FORMAT is `auto` (default setting)
- Make sure FULL_WIDTH_RESPONSIVE is `true` (default setting)
- Try resizing the window or making sure that adUnitWidget width is less than ~1300px
